Well, very good friends of ours decided they wanted to go their own way and leave Jehovah
and in that interim they became bad association for us.
We had many good times together. We drove to isolated territory together.
We even visited a brother who was sick in hospital to encourage him.
I feel heartbroken that they're no longer serving Jehovah.
It's really hard to live a friend's virtually, very hard.
I was about to enter full time service, but I still knew the adherence.
I was raised by my mother as a witness, even though I had very little contact with my father.
He still tried to oppose my spiritual progress.
I kept fighting for the truth and I got baptized when I was 11.
I guess I felt like I was doing okay and after high school I went to university.
I had to make some changes in my choice of entertainment.
We really never stopped learning.
I do enjoy relaxing and watching television.
But I must admit that it is more and more difficult to find something decent to watch these days.
Well, I'm not saying that I watch bad programs.
I would never do that.
But still, I wonder if what I watch is spiritually healthy for me.
The way of thinking I was exposed to in university was pressuring me to find security in my life through material things.
My government own place to live, economic stability, but at what cost?
I remember that paragraph.
It said that Satan promotes making money as the only way you could find security in this world.
But one could sacrifice so much to achieve it.
You could even use your friendship with Jehovah.
That article, it was just what we needed.
It described a watchman that would protect the city by sounding out an alarm on impending danger.
And at sounding that alarm he would shut the gates to the city to protect the city.
And I needed to do that.
We both needed to do that.
And it's not even a question.
Our loyalty to Jehovah comes first before we loyal to any friends we have in this world.
The watchtower said that story telling has more than entertainers.
In Barna, the city of Cameroon, where I was born.
Mother spent the evenings with their children, telling them stories.
And even though I was young, the stories my mother told me continued to influence me even today.
So I said to myself, oh no, wait a minute happy.
It means that the stories that I watch on television will also affect me sooner or later.
And the devil knows that too.
So I decided to completely cut out a number of programs that I used to watch.
Now I'm serving in full-time service and I love it.
Jehovah is really taking care of me.
But I don't want to forget the beautiful principles I've learned from that article.
I still have to say I've got my heart.
I want to give my best to my father, Jehovah.
A lot of day goes by where we don't think about these friends of ours.
And it's certainly our hope that they come back to Jehovah.
That we can serve Jehovah together, shoulder to shoulder.
But we also learned to keep our little watchguard in check.
He needs to make sure he does his job and sand the alarm and shut those gates.
We never stop learning.
Well, true, it's easier said than done, but it's up to us.
It's so important to safeguard your heart.